What Golden Melody Award for Best Female Singer?
Golden Melody Award for Best Singer
It's always been for popular artists
top prize
With this award
He arranges all the announcements and performances
royal city
It will also gain fame and fortune
The capital operation behind the Golden Melody Awards
Aren't they all from Skylark International?
Mr. Chen, we are going to Luo Fu's birthday party today
I don't know what means to punish that waste
He actually invited Mr. Yun, the president of Skylark International
He seems to have a problem with our Miss Jiang
The cloud is always today, and this cloud always helps to break it down
And he seems to take punishment seriously
Also invited him to participate in the cloud area
International treatment of the highest standard
Hey
What is the cloud's identity and status?
How could you invite an anonymous person into the room?
Not to mention this Skylark Hotel
That's the first surrender in the country
One Finger's Premium Private Club
If the two of them are really related
Then why didn't this Mr. Yun personally send him to the casino?
You still don't understand this crap
He must be borrowing Rou Ao's identity and status
This is the tiger's pass
I don't know where I got these actors
Cooperate with him in acting
Hey, put gold on your face?
So I told you.
How could that trash be a big shot?
It's still our Mr. Chen who has knowledge
Yu He went to a cocktail party
Let me introduce you to Global Entertainment
Xu Laotian, President of the company in Asia
It's an internationally renowned media giant
It is said that Xingyue International
The reason why it can occupy the top position in the country
It's because of Mr. Xu's football
Everything within is transferred to the logical market
So I gave Xinyue them a chance
Global entertainment is now poised to enter the domestic market
To build a relationship with Mr. Xu
Even if it's a bad dragon dance
Can be promoted to the top position by him
There he is.
You can make your dreams come true
Then no thanks to Mr. Chen.
Hey Rong'er
Why are you being polite to me at this time?